 TECHNICAL DOCUMENTATION TOOLS AVAILABLE.
   Technical writing is: Basiically simplifying complex information in an easy-to-understand format! 
                            TOOLS
1.BIT.AI
    It is a new-age documantation and knowledge management tool the provides a common workplace for technical writers to collaborate, document, track and share thier knowledge
    brainstorm ideas, store digital assets, and innovate together. With this knowledge is safely secured in your workspaces and can be shared(or kept private). Bit documents also
    are interactive.

    This means the whether the team is creating technical documentation, training manuals, technical specs sheet, best prectices, product catalogs etc they can easily add code
    blocks, training videos, and presentations directly into a Bit document within seconds.

      FEATURES
      a)Markdown editor support
      b)Content management capabilities
      c)100+Rich media collaboration
      d)Document tracking
      e)Wiki/interlinking documents

2.ADOBE FRAMEMAKER
     Its a sophisticated processor that suites larger industrial standard documentation.Is can also be used to generate structured documents with an XML framework that is 100% Darwin Information Typing Architecture(DITA) compliant.
     DITA is a friendly technical writing tool with the built-in ability to printa PDF and a great alternative to editor like MS Word.

        FEATURES
        a)One-click image resizing
        b)Multidevice publishing
        c)Mini table of contents

3.PROPROFS KNOWLEDGE BASE
     It is an excellent technical writing tools that provides amaizing features and smart settings to help you create technical documents that reflect perfection. It offers complelling features, such as Ms Word-like editor, 
     Google-like search functionality, workflows, customization options and more 

         FEATURES
         a)Branding features
         b)Revision history
         c)Compatibility with multiple devices
         d)Library of themes, designs, fonts

4.SNAGIT
    Taking screenshots in technical documentation is not just a process- it’s a compulsion! Without images, it would be extremely difficult to comprehend the content. 
          
          FEATURES
          a)Panoramic scrolling capture
          b)Captures drop-down menus
          c)Borders and images effects
          d)Exports to cloud storage

5.MARKDOWNPAD
     MarkdownPad is one of the most popular Markdown document editors used by technical writers. It provides a lot of customizations like fonts, color schemes, sizes, 
     and layouts. It even has a built-in CSS editor and supports your custom CSS stylesheets.Users can quickly convert their written text documents into HTML or even 
     export them as PDFs. With quick HTML previews, users can easily see what their documents look like in HTML as they create them.

           FEATURES
           a)Built-in image uploader
           b)Auto-save
           c)Session management
           d)Configurable automatic updates

6.WHATFIX
      This technical writing tool allows you to create compelling guides and help articles, presented in the form of real-time interactive walkthrough elements.
      Moreover, Whatfix automatically adapts the help guide based on the device you use. And the same help content can be accessed in other formats – as a video, slideshow, or PDF.    
             
             FEATURES
             a)Customizable user interface
             b)User tracking
             c)Multi-browser Compatibility
             d)Multi-format support(videos, grraphics,images and text)

DIFFERENT THEMES
a)Custom theme
b)Basic theme

